---
title: Last Hangar Flying of 2023!
description: Elevate Your Aviation Connections at Hangar Flying Maine's December Event!
date: '2023-12-28'
time: '18:00'
location: 'Novare Res Bier Cafe'
tags:
  - event
published: true
organization: 'Hangar Flying Maine'
---

**When:** 🛩️ December 28, 18:00

**Where** Novare Res Bier Cafe

Calling all aviation buffs! Hangar Flying Maine is thrilled to invite you to an engaging evening of stories, networking, and passion for flight at the Novare Res Bier Cafe on December 28th at 18:00. This event is not just about sharing thrilling tales from the sky; it's a golden opportunity to network and connect within the vibrant aviation community.

Whether you're a veteran pilot, an air traffic controller, a prospective student pilot, or just someone fascinated by the world of aviation, this event is the ideal platform to meet and mingle. Looking for a flight instructor? Interested in finding partners for aircraft ownership? Eager to meet the voices behind the radio at air traffic control? This gathering is your runway to making those key connections.

Set against the inviting backdrop of Novare Res Bier Cafe, renowned for its excellent craft beer selection and inviting ambiance, our event promises an evening of meaningful interactions and shared enthusiasm for everything aviation-related.

🌟 Highlights of the Evening:

- A prime networking venue for aspiring and experienced pilots, aircraft owners, and aviation professionals.
- An opportunity to connect with flight instructors and explore training possibilities.
- A chance to meet and exchange ideas with air traffic controllers and other key industry figures.
- A relaxed setting to discuss partnerships in aircraft ownership and other aviation ventures.
- An array of great food and beverages to complement engaging conversations.

Don't let this chance fly by! Circle December 28 on your calendar and join us at 18:00 for a night where aviation dreams and opportunities take flight. We're excited to welcome you and look forward to the unique stories and connections you'll bring to the table.

Brent Danley<br />
[brent@hangarflyingmaine.com](mailto:brent@hangarflyingmaine.com)

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d1010.1098207707599!2d-70.2550486284558!3d43.65721806652632!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x4cb29c1566d07803%3A0xb6bfc25092120ba3!2sNovare%20Res%20Bier%20Cafe!5e1!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1700344849540!5m2!1sen!2sus" style="border:0; width: 100%; max-width: 600px; height: 450px;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

If you're not on the email distribution, be sure to [Sign Up](/signup) to be notified of each event, as well as cancellations, etc.
